00:00:00 - 00:00:33I wake up at about 10:30 in the morning, which is around when I usually wake up. say hello to the cats. Get back in bed with my laptop and my coffee. Read my email first. Went and looked at the paper.Look at facebook. I don’t remember any of those details. Read a few climate blogs which I’m addicted to. My mother calls and I ask her about her recent trip to Death Valley and she is very excited about how beautiful it was.00:00:33- 00:00:56I walk west through a neighborhood where an old boyfriend of mine had an apartment and was havoing a lot of memories of being taken out to maison de chocolate and italian places where we would go out for breakfast and feel deprived of certain pleasures that I used to have. 00:00:56 – 00:01:27I walk in the lobby of the museum. And we’re standing in front of this glass case that’s showing the current exhibit. And the current exhibit now is on micro-apartments for the future. 00:01:27 - 00:01:44I stop at the Hungarian pastry shop on the way to the cathedral because I am hungry and don’t have something to eat. In the bathroom I notice that I have a big stain on my shirt, and there are no towels in the bathroom, only those hand drying thingies, which is annoying.00:01:44 - 00:02:47I decide to walk up to Cathedral where there is an event that I’ve told my friend, Lisa, I will go to. This event is an interview with Lorna Byrne. She’s seen angels and spoken to them her whole life. She goes on about angels, how she can see them right as she is sitting there. There are dozens of them lining the walls of the Cathedral. They are wearing red today, perhaps in honor of the new Pope. They are all smiling and happy. She says I can even see there are two angels in the back of the Cathedral, they’re waving American flags. I think this isn’t the right audience for that. We’re New Yorkers. We think that’s kind of yucky. Still, there is a little part of me that starts to want to believe. I have this moment where I think ‘Maybe things are completely different than I think. Maybe there really are all these angels in here. What if I believe?’ Then I come back to ‘Yeah, but I still wouldn’t be able to back this up with anything that I’ve ever experienced’ so I decide I’m not gonna go home and believe. So the event is over, and the 600 people there immediately form a line to receive a blessing because she has offered everyone a blessing. And Lisa says to me, ‘I’m gonna have to wait around until these people leave.’ 00:02:47 - 00:03:28I go to the restaurant where I’m gonna meet Lisa. It’s now 10:30. I am nervous about talking to Lisa because we’d had a terrible work problem where she’d told me the previous newsletter was just not good enough and I got stuff in too late and I am angry about it. We’ve been friends for 30 years, and I am anxious because I really need this job. I know she’s not gonna fire me but I don’t want to take advantage of our friendship. She shows up. We start talking about the work problem and we are both tiptoeing around the question. I say I think our communications problems are a result of you being so stressed out last fall because of your promotion. She obviously doesn’t think that is the case but she doesn’t want to challenge me too much. She wants to soften things. We pay, we leave, we go home. 00:03:29 - 00:03:49Then I brush my teeth, get into bed, and read a bunch of stuff on the internet. I read a few climate blogs which I’m addicted to. I’ve been very depressed over the last two years and something about reading about how the world is going to end is comforting when you’re depressed. It’s like nobody else seems to get it, but in ten years, when the Arctic ice is completely gone and the sea has been heated up another ten degrees, then the temperature is gonna go go up really fast, and people are gonna be really surprised, and they just don’t get it. That’s what I think anyway. I go to bed at 300:03:49 - 00:04:21I’m involved in this clinical trial where I wear a sort of light mask which is supposed to improve the skin. It’s white, it’s made of plastic, doesn’t have eye holes or anything and inside there are these little glasses so the red light that shines inside the mask doesn’t get in your eyes. The idea is that it makes your skin look younger and smoother and more radiant. I think it’s working a little bit. 